feat: responsive docs (#36)
BearStudio/start-ui-web-docs: pages/features/responsive.mdx

With a mobile-first approach, Start UI [web]'s responsive design ensures that all content, screens, and [components](/features/components)
automatically adjust to provide optimal viewing and navigation on any device. This means that whether you're accessing the platform on a desktop, laptop, tablet, or smartphone,
you can expect the same consistent and responsive experience. With Start UI [web], users have the flexibility to access
and utilize all the features and functionality of the platform, regardless of device.

To make use of this responsive design in your development, you can follow Start UI [web]'s existing code by using [Chakra UI](/technologies/chakra-ui) for responsive management.

Chakra UI components allow you to define props according to screen size. For example, this code snippet uses the `direction` prop on a `Stack` component:

```tsx
<Stack direction={{ base: "column", md: "row" }}>
  <Text>A</Text>
  <Text>B</Text>
  <Text>C</Text>
</Stack>
```

In this case, the `direction` prop will be set to `column` between the `base` and `md` breakpoints, and `row` above.

> This syntax is very simple, comprehensible, and maintainable, and is the recommended way to manage Chakra UI component props depending on screen size.

Reviewer: Don't make assumptions like "is very simple" in a documentation.

```suggestion
This syntax [has multiple options](https://chakra-ui.com/docs/styled-system/responsive-styles#the-object-syntax), is maintainable, and is the recommended way to manage Chakra UI component props depending on screen size.
```
